CNN-based methods have shown remarkable expressive capability in the context of general object segmentation, due to the rise and development of deep learning. Nevertheless, current CNN-based methods are incapable of effectively and efficiently handling different scales of small infrared objects in complex scenes, attributed to the pooling layers' aggregation effect. As a result, valuable deep targets might be lost, and thus, to tackle this problem, we present a deep dense connection network called ID-Unet. Specifically, we devised a feature fusion module (Infrared Small Target Extraction - ISFE) in the ID-Unet architecture to accomplish cross-layer and ongoing interaction between deep high-level and shallow low-level features. Consecutive connections within ISFE's fusion enable the protection of semantic information of infrared small targets in the deep layers, as well as the resolution information in the shallow layers. Additionally, we introduce a multi-level dense connection Unet structure to enhance multi-level features in an adaptive manner. By leveraging these enhancements, contextual small target data can be meticulously integrated and effectively exploited through repeated fusion and enhancement. Additionally, to meet the application demands for infrared small object segmentation, we compressed Unet's structural parameter connections. Following evaluations on two large datasets, the results indicate that our proposed method outperforms all others in segmentation metrics such as IOU, NIOU, and F1. 